Update README to match new UI [Fixes #191] (#192)
SuperblocksHQ/ethereum-studio: packages/editor/templates/Coin/README.md

Anyone can use the `send` (who already has some of these coins) to send coins to anyone else. If the sender does not have enough coins to send, the `require` call fails and provides the sender with an appropriate error message string.

### 1. Configure

![Configure the contract](./images/hw-configure.png)

> Configuring the contract allows you to set the name of the contract and the initial values sent to the constructor as arguments. You can configure the contract by clicking on the gear icon in the left panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring the contract allows you to set the name of the contract and the initial values sent to the constructor as arguments. You can configure the contract by clicking on the gear icon in the left panel. In this example, it configures the string displayed in the front end interface.
```

Think it would still be nice to specify  what people are configuring, especially as it's the beginner tutorial.

Author: Agree but in this Coin example, there's nothing to actually configure (the constructor doesn't accept any arguments. I think you're referring to the HelloWorld example here. I'll add this sentence there & a separate explanation here.

### 2. Compile

![Compile the contract](./images/hw-compile.png)

> Solidity is a compiled language, and you need to convert the Solidity code into bytecode before the contract can run. In the file tree under the contract file, you can compile the contract by clicking the _Compile_ sub-section, and output will appear in the _Output_ pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solidity is a compiled language, and you need to convert the Solidity code into bytecode before the contract can run. In the file tree under the contract file, you can compile the contract by clicking the _Compile_ sub-section, and output appears in the _Output_ pane.
```

Gonna be fussy and rewrite the inappropriate future tense, not just because I'm fussy, but mostly because I didn't use it anywhere else ;p

I hope…

### 3. Deploy

![Deploy the contract](./images/hw-deploy.png)

> Every smart contract runs at an address on the Ethereum blockchain, and must be deployed to an address before it can run. When using Studio, the browser simulates the network, but there are several test networks and one main network for the Ethereum blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every smart contract runs at an address on the Ethereum blockchain, and you must deploy it to an address before it can run. When using Studio, the browser simulates the network, but there are several test networks and one main network for the Ethereum blockchain.
```

For similar  fussy grammar reasons, removing  the passive voice

> Deploy the contract by clicking the _Deploy_ sub-section (nested under the contract file in the file tree), and output will appear in the _Output_ pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the contract by clicking the _Deploy_ sub-section (under the contract file in the file tree), and output appears in the _Output_ pane.
```

Same as above
